= Couchlogic

Couchlogic is a Ruby interface for {CouchDB}[http://couchdb.apache.org/]. It aims to provide an intuitive, flexible Ruby interface for 
interacting with your couch.

While the learning curve for Couchlogic may be a little higher than other 
gems, you'll find that you experience fewer growing pains as your knowledge of 
CouchDB deepens.

== Project Goals

=== Intuitive API 

Even though Couchlogic doesn't require Rails, there are some conventions for 
working with models that people are used to and Couchlogic should support 
them.

=== Performance 

HTTP & JSON are CouchDB currency. Above all else, Couchlogic should be able to 
cut through these as fast as possible.

=== Clean code 

Writing Javascript in your views is ugly and so is defining every single 
property of a model within the model. Couchlogic should allow you to store all 
Javascript code in Javascript files that are checked into your version control
system.

=== Great Documentation

This is a crucial piece of your stack. You shouldn't have to dig through the
codebase to figure which arguments a method accepts or what to name your 
config file.

== Supported Features



== Planned Features

* Save/Create/Update/Destroy hooks; these won't be Rails dependent

== Dependencies

Couchlogic stands on the shoulders of giants:

* {yajl-ruby}[http://github.com/brianmario/yajl-ruby]
* {curb}[http://github.com/taf2/curb]

== Author

* {Mauricio Gomes}[http://github.com/mgomes]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Mauricio Gomes. See LICENSE for details.
